L2S-332: document inventory roles limits (#3038)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/standard-tenant/managing-permissions-bundle/limititations.md

---
weight: 60
title: Limitations of inventory roles based access
layout: redirect
sector:
  - platform_administration
---

> The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform inventory roles based access have some limitations and may change the behavior of REST API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} inventory roles based access has some limitations and may change the behavior of the REST API. 
```

> # [Optimized](https://{{< domain-c8y >}}/docs/standard-tenant/managing-permissions/#improving-performance)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Optimized
```

> The optimized performance can be applied only when : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [optimized performance](/standard-tenant/managing-permissions/#improving-performance) can be applied only when: 
```

> - The total number of items matching to filters is lower than **2000**. E.g. You are searching only active alarms with given type and number of such alarms is below 2000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The total number of items matching the filters is lower than **2000**. For example, if you are searching only active alarms with a given type and the number of such alarms is below 2000.
```

> - You are fetching **Measurements**, **Alarms**, **Events** and **Control** for specific device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You are fetching measurements, alarms, events, and control for a specific device.
```

> In other cases platform will apply the Legacy search algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In all other cases {{< product-c8y-iot >}} will apply the legacy search algorithm.
```

> # Legacy 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Legacy 
```

> The legacy algorithm provides the following implications for REST API: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The legacy algorithm provides the following implications for the REST API: 
```

> - The **currentPage** query parameter will act as offset of scanned documents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `currentPage` query parameter will act as offset of scanned documents.
```

> - The REST API may return empty pages. Platform is searching the items that are accessible for user but the scan has limit per request. If in scanned items there is no accessible elements, then platform will result empty list. In such case the **statistics.next** url should be used to perform scan of next chunk. Platform will return **statistics.next** until there are items to scan. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The REST API may return empty pages. {{< product-c8y-iot >}} searches the items that are accessible for the user but the scan has a limit per request. If there is no accessible element in the scanned items, the platform will result an empty list. In such case, the `statistics.next` URL should be used to perform a scan of the next chunk. {{< product-c8y-iot >}} will return **statistics.next** until there are items to scan. 
```

> - The REST API may return empty pages. {{< product-c8y-iot >}} searches the items that are accessible for the user but the scan has a limit per request. If there is no accessible element in the scanned items, the platform will result an empty list. In such case, the `statistics.next` URL should be used to perform a scan of the next chunk. {{< product-c8y-iot >}} will return **statistics.next** until there are items to scan. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The REST API may return empty pages. {{< product-c8y-iot >}} searches the items that are accessible for the user but the scan has a limit per request. If there is no accessible element in the scanned items, the platform will result an empty list. In such case, the `statistics.next` URL should be used to perform a scan of the next chunk. {{< product-c8y-iot >}} will return `statistics.next` until there are items to scan. 
```
